Okay.
So we have one more component within our top level components folder.
And what I'd like to do is to move it into a folder of its own.
And I propose that we create a folder called Shared.
And the whole point of this shared folder will be to store components that I can see myself using in
multiple locations or multiple features around the site.
And a button is a perfect example of one of those shared components.
We're already using it within our navigation.
We're already using it within our job search form.
So it has proven itself as a component that doesn't exclusively belong to one feature.
It's a shared component that's really meant to be used in many places.
So I think a shared folder is a good place to put it.
Other people like to name the folder common.
It really is up to you and your team.
But here in Components, I'm going to create another directory.
I'm going to call it shared.
And in there let's drag our action button that view component.
Let's tell a visitor, okay, to update, but I'm still going to go manually through a couple files
that I know.
Use my action button so I know I use it in my job search form component.
And if I scroll down here, here we are, we are importing action button from the top level components
directory that is no longer accurate.
We want to import it from component slash shared slash action button.
That's good.
And the other place where we have it is in our main NAV component and we are of course rendering that
action button to log the user in.
It's right here.
Action button from components will similarly add the shared directory right here, make that change
and that is good.
And then of course as always, let's update tests folder.
So in tests component components, I will create a new shared directory and I'm going to drag my action
button that test that you guys file into shared calling into here.
Once again, let's change this.
Import two components slash shared slash action button.
And with that, let's rerun our test suite.
And see where we are.
NPM Run Test colon unit.
Let's see.
Wait a little bit and.
Okay, looking good.
No errors or nothing glaring to you.
Look at right now.
And with that, we can tie this section up and review everything we learned in the next lesson.